Add nvidia support instructions for Ubuntu Core 24 (#303)
canonical/docker-snap: README.md

## NVIDIA support

> If the system is found to have an nvidia graphics card available, and the host has the required nvidia libraries installed, the nvidia container toolkit will be setup and configured to enable use of the local GPU from docker. This can be used to enable use of CUDA from a docker container, for instance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the system is found to have an nvidia graphics card available, and the host has the required nvidia libraries installed, the nvidia container toolkit will be setup and configured to enable use of the local GPU from docker. This allows you, for instance, to use CUDA from a container.
```

> [!NOTE] 

> > The containerized workload must be ABI-compatible with the graphic user-space libraries on the host. The Docker snap does not add any abstraction to make the container environment host-agnostic.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> The containerized workload must be ABI-compatible with the graphics user-space libraries on the host. The Docker snap does not add any abstraction to make the container environment host-agnostic.
```

> To enable proper use of the GPU within docker, the nvidia runtime must be used. By default, the nvidia runtime will be configured to use [CDI](https://github.com/cncf-tags/container-device-interface) mode, and the appropriate nvidia CDI config will be automatically created for the system. You just need to specify the nvidia runtime when running a container.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To enable proper use of the GPU within docker, the nvidia runtime must be used. By default, the nvidia runtime will be configured to use [CDI](https://github.com/cncf-tags/container-device-interface) mode, and the appropriate nvidia CDI config will be automatically created for the system. It is only required to specify the nvidia runtime when running a container.
```

### Ubuntu Core

The environment set up differs depending on the Ubuntu Core release. Refer below for specific instructions.

> [!NOTE]

> > More than one graphic provider snap can be installed on the host and connected to the Docker snap. In such case, the Docker snap will only utilize the content provided by the first connected `gpu-2404` content provider.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> More than one graphic provider snap can be installed on the host and connected to the Docker snap. In such a case, the Docker snap will only utilize the content provided by the first connected `gpu-2404` content provider.
```
I think I understand what this means, but it is a little difficult to understand without prior knowledge. Not sure how to improve it though.

Reviewer 2: Looks better now, thanks!

#### Ubuntu Core 24

> The required nvidia kernel objects and user-space libraries are available in the [pc-kernel](https://snapcraft.io/pc-kernel) snap (24/stable channel) as optional components. These libraries can be provided to the Docker snap via the [mesa-2404](https://snapcraft.io/mesa-2404) snap.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The required nvidia kernel objects and user-space libraries are available as optional components in the [pc-kernel](https://snapcraft.io/pc-kernel) snap (24/stable channel). These libraries can be provided to the Docker snap via the [mesa-2404](https://snapcraft.io/mesa-2404) snap.
```

```shell
# Install kernel components
sudo snap install pc-kernel+nvidia-550-ko
sudo snap install pc-kernel+nvidia-550-user

# Install the content provider snap
sudo snap install mesa-2404
```

Once installed, Docker snap's gpu-2404 plug automatically connects to mesa-2404:
```console
$ snap connections docker 
Interface          Plug                     Slot                                 Notes
...
content[gpu-2404]  docker:gpu-2404          mesa-2404:gpu-2404                   -
...
```

#### Ubuntu Core 22

> [!CAUTION]
> The support for using nvidia runtime on Ubuntu Core 22 has been deprecated. It will be fully removed in the next Docker snap base upgrade to core26 or later.

The required nvidia libraries are available in the [nvidia-core22](https://snapcraft.io/nvidia-core22) content provider snap. 

> Once installed, the Docker snap's xxx plug auto connects to nvidia-core22's corresponding slot:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once installed, the Docker snap's graphics-core22 plug auto connects to nvidia-core22's corresponding slot:
```

### Disable NVIDIA support

> Setting up the NVIDIA support should be automatic the hardware is present, but you may wish to specifically disable it so that setup is not even attempted.  You can do so via the following snap config:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Setting up the NVIDIA support should be automatic when the hardware is present, but you may wish to specifically disable it so that setup is not even attempted.  You can do so via the following snap config:
```
